[Music]
we're bored the Azimut verb 40 and
what's unusual about this azimuth is
that it is outboard driven you'll see
mercury 350s triples and this is one
speedy boat look at this beautiful
cockpit it has pretty much everything
you'd want it's protected from the
elements hardtop and in the sure shade
you've got a full dining room here with
a nice big table you've got a galley
module here with an electric grill and
fridge and a prep station over here but
look at this this boat because it has
the outboards back there has a side gate
huge side gate for a 40-footer that
opens up for easy access both from the
dock and the dinghy now for this style
of a 40-footer this has a tremendous
amount of room inside you've got a full
sized master stateroom and then of
course you've got a full galley here two
burner stove a nice sink fridge
microwave you got on the TV that faces a
settee so you've got a nice place to
kind of come into when it's raining
outside and then you have a full head if
you're looking for a boat that has the
best of both worlds check out the verb
for tea at boats calm boat insurance at
United marine underwriters were simply
the best at what we do just boat
insurance we offer comprehensive
insurance coverage for all your boating
needs boat insurance quotes on your
screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters